as a ballerina one of my favorite
moments comes from the lakeside act
you've just seen in much of the ballet
you really have to focus on your
technique but I'm going to show you a
miracle moment from Odette's duet with
the prince played here by my dance
partner
the Italian star Roberto bolli and
watched over by my coach
Donna McCleary and this is a very
romantic part in the actual Canada where
he is where you I think you're really
falling in love now but your constant
always thinking
it gives lots of lovely memories of what
you are as a swan because she was just
thinking about flying away and then she
started giving in and she's enjoying
this you could show your emotions in
your face and what we're doing is
showing emotions in technique